# FarLands Server Lore

<style>
img {
    width: 100%;
}
</style>
![banner](./banner-with-water.gif)

Long after civilization was destroyed in a chemical and nuclear
holocaust, the world had reverted to a pre-industrial state and magic
had re-emerged to supplement science.

The Druids, the wisest of the human race and keepers and protectors of
science and magics, created an order in the early days of the fallout to
preserve and protect their knowledge from those who would misuse it and
bring about another apocalypse.

In an attempt to save the druids keep as well as the last remaining
township close-by from the holocaust, the Druids deployed groups of
their most trusted and powerful members to seal off and protect the Keep
and city from harm.

The small town of Cullhaven stands. This town as well as the druids keep
serve as the base of operations for the Druids as the human race
attempts to slowly rebuild civilization after the devastation that was
wrought on the lands and nearly obliterated the human race.

Not long after the apocalypse, the other races began to emerge. The
Druids discovered that the chemicals and fallout that devastated the
land had also awoken genetic mutation in the human race, causing dormant
genes to flourish and create the races of Dwarves, Elves, Gnomes,
Fairies and Trolls. Unlike the other races, some humans remained
unaltered by the effects of the holocaust.

Many years later after much tribulation, most of the races are trying to
live in harmony with one another. While some races are fiercely
independent and reclusive, others are desperately trying to create a
peaceful world that will stand the test of time and not succumb to the
wars and destruction that nearly brought about its end all those years
ago.

The one thing that all of the races have in common is a new enemy
brought about by the horrors of the fallout...the undead.Mutations in
DNA of all races have surfaced that brought about a sort of plague that
results in some of the wildlife to become hostile and the dead not
staying quite so...dead. Zombies and skeletons now roam the earth.
Seeming only to fear the sunlight which will burn them if exposed, they
are ravenous, hostile creatures that do not communicate and can not be
reasoned with. Most humans prefer the safety and comforts of the refuge
that the druids used their magics to make float high above the land for
safety from these creatures. Very few have dared ventured out, and those
who have, have not gone very far.

While the races went through physical transformations, magic began to
re-emerge to the lands as well. Knowledge of magics to imbue items with
magical properties that assisted them with their daily tasks had been
brought to surface, as well as new technologies with magical redstone
ores, beacons and conduits. This deepened the divide between races even
amongst their own. Many saw the use of magic as unnatural and
untrustworthy. However, more and more people are opening up to the
advantages that the new option sciences and magics have on the undead.

That is where you come in. The Druids have decided it is time to venture
out into the FarLands and take back the lands from the hostile creatures
and undead that have held us back for so long. Since you have already
ventured out closely to the city they have chosen you as one of the
adventurers who are wise and brave enough to take on this task and
shared with you some of their knowledge of mechanics, potions and other
sciences and magics. But this knowledge should not be taken lightly or
abused, or you shall face the wrath of the Druids guardian of justice,
the cute but dangerous Lieutenant Griffin...or even the Druids
themselvesâ€¦

---

You have been summoned to the city to prepare for your journey out into
the FarLands. There you will be able to purchase items and necessary
supplies to start your journey. You may always revisit the great city in
order to buy more supplies, consult the Druids or just alleviate a bit
of homesickness
